what's up guys it's j morgan answer kill
back here of God some City Impostors and
this time I'm doing the shredder
community challenge which is if you guys
don't know a challenge that the monolith
the producers of the game go ahead and
put in the game and it's to change late
once every week or once every two weeks
they give you about seven days to do it
it's about three hundred kills with the
weapons to get the snowflakes and this
week is the shredder for friday the 13th
so we're going to go ahead and use this
gun it's actually really awesome it's
kind of like a UH it's an lmg but its
power housley accurate and it's really
hard to get multi kills with unless
they're already damaged because it's not
really that strong but it has a fire
rate so it kind of makes up for it it
can be a beast if you really get that
first shot into him and he landed
accurately on the face then you're going
to be in a real good a real good
position to take some people out but
that's not the top of your the
commentary today the topic of the
commentary is something that I've run
into quite often and a lot of people
especially younger people don't really
understand exactly where I'm coming from
with this but uh I don't really like
technology and technology and I don't
really mix together very well and a lot
of people get really weirded out that
I'm not really into technology to the
fact that I don't have a smartphone or I
don't even have a cell phone to begin
with last time I oh the sofa was
probably about six or seven years ago I
had an old samsung flip really awesome
phone who's really durable it held up
well in my pocket especially when i was
working around the shops and you know
the screens always get cracked on a cell
phones and it really did its job and
held up well but then a lot of people
say they lose a lot of courtesy when it
comes to mobile technology today and
people don't understand that and i had a
type of friends that would think you
know just because it's a cell phone and
not a house phone that they can either
call or text at all ungodly times of the
hour and i fucking hate that because if
it's three o'clock in the morning and
your co in my house somebody better
god damn be fucking dead if you're
calling me at three in the fucking
morning or a bad car accident somebody
actually in danger if you know what I
mean I'm not wishing that somebody would
be dead but the fact is if you're gonna
freakin wake me up or call me at three
four in the morning there better be a
good goddamn fucking excuse for you code
me that late and one morning I just kind
of woke up and I saw that I had about 20
missed messages and calls and I was like
you know what fuck this I was like if
somebody does this one more time I'm
gonna get rid of this goddamn phone and
all the way the work that very same day
I shit you not I got like four goddamn
messages within five minutes of me
making that decision and I was already
on my way to work I was cruising on down
the highway and I said fuck it I took
the sim card out of my phone and I just
tossed it right out the fucking window
never fucking use the goddamn cell phone
for my own purposes again my girlfriend
does have a cell phone sometimes I'll
take it with me if she really wants to
get ahold of me but I just I really
don't like the fact that somebody can
get ahold of me anytime anywhere if I'm
somewhere and you don't know where I'm
at and you don't know how to reach me
that I probably don't want to fucking
talk to you at that moment because I got
more shit more important shit to do then
you know sit here and text on the phone
like a goddamn 16 year old teenage girl
it's just how I feel and it's the reason
why I don't really uh I don't have a
cell phone I would never own a cell
phone ever again in my life and I just
hate all types of mobile communication
like that it's just too much of a
fucking hassle and one that I don't have
to deal with so my name is Jay morning
after kill make sure you guys rate
comment subscribe this was a very quick
TDM and I'll see you guys later